---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

# It is lucky to be able to meet the Program Lead of OpenLibrary

I must express my great pleasure in meeting Mek, as it is truly an honor. He exudes kindness and warmth, and his enthusiasm for open source development and his role as program lead of OpenLibrary is inspiring. His words and actions have touched me deeply. Prior to this experience, I held the misconception that open source development teams lacked direction and leadership, or that those in leadership positions were closed off and unapproachable. However, Mek's example has changed my perspective entirely. I now see that open source development can be a highly organized and refined effort, where every participant is friendly and welcoming towards one another.
<!--more-->

I previously held the misconception that Open Library was engaged in illegal activities or lacked copyright protections. However, learning about controlled digital lending has completely changed my perspective. This approach strikes an excellent balance between providing access to readers worldwide while also respecting copyright and the authors' rights. The Open Library's selfless contributions during the pandemic were incredibly helpful for both those who wanted to read and for libraries looking to lend. Their impressive efforts have motivated me to contribute as well.

# Relection on small contirbutions

I carefully verified and made two comments on OpenStreetMap, which left me with a rewarding and positive feeling. Nonetheless, it's important to recognize that maintaining an open, active, and accurate community is challenging. It demands a selfless willingness from everyone to help without any expectation of compensation or recognition, and requires a significant investment of time without immediate rewards. Despite this, the ultimate goal is to improve the community, and it is through everyone's efforts that this can be achieved.









