---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

# Add-on Review


As a member of the team, my main contributions were providing the initial idea, writing the code of conduct, creating the readme file, choose the license, and developing the handler function. I enjoyed working with my team members and felt that we all had a strong work ethic and a willingness to learn.
<!--more-->

Throughout the project, I learned a lot about myself and my ability to work with others. I discovered that I enjoy collaborating with others and feel most comfortable when I am able to contribute to a team effort.

In terms of new tools or features that I learned about, I became more familiar with GitHub operations like pull request, merge, rebase  etc and learned how to use it to manage version control and collaborate with others. I also became more proficient in working with JavaScript, which was the main language used for the development of our extension.

During the presentations of other teams' projects, I saw some really interesting and creative ideas. One of my favorites was a browser extension that could custome Youtube. I thought it was a really useful tool, and I appreciated the way that the team had designed it to be user-friendly and accessible and I really want to contibute and makie it available on chrome.

Overall, working on this ratemyprofessor add on project was a great experience for me, and I learned a lot about open source development. I look forward to continuing to more OSSD in the future.