---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

# Sklearn Journey

As a student, I never thought I'd be able to contribute to such a large project as Scikit-learn. But during this Spring Break, I was inspired by my teammate Charlie Xiao, who had already made a pull request, got it approved, and contributed to Scikit-learn. It motivated me to try my hand at contributing too.

<!--more-->

Setting up the environment for contributing to Scikit-learn was  easy compared to other environments like Linux. However, I ran into some strange problems on my M2 chip. Luckily, I was able to fix them after fixing my conda


Finally, I found an issue that was interesting and suitable for me to tackle - adding a new parameter to FeatureUnion. I asked to be assigned to the issue and waited several days for a reply. When I was assigned by the GitHub bot to the issue, I immediately started working on it.

My work involves adding tests and writing functions for the new parameter [verbose_feature_names_out](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/25991) to FeatureUnion. I am excited to be contributing to such an important project. It is amazing to see how quickly the community responds to my contribution, and how much it is appreciated.

In conclusion, contributing to Scikit-learn has been an exciting experience and I'm thrilled to make my first pull request. It's been a great opportunity to learn and grow as a developer, and I look forward to contributing more in the future.


The core function I added for this issue:

` def _add_prefix_for_feature_names_out(self, transformer_with_feature_names_out):
        """Add prefix for feature names out that includes the transformer names.
        Parameters
        ----------
        transformer_with_feature_names_out : list of tuples of (str, array-like of str)
            The tuple consistent of the transformer's name and its feature names out.
        Returns
        -------
        feature_names_out : ndarray of shape (n_features,), dtype=str
            Transformed feature names.
        """
        if self.verbose_feature_names_out:
            # Prefix the feature names out with the transformers name
            names = list(
                chain.from_iterable(
                    (f"{name}__{i}" for i in feature_names_out)
                    for name, feature_names_out in transformer_with_feature_names_out
                )
            )
            return np.asarray(names, dtype=object)

        # verbose_feature_names_out is False
        # Check that names are all unique without a prefix
        feature_names_count = Counter(
            chain.from_iterable(s for _, s in transformer_with_feature_names_out)
        )
        top_6_overlap = [
            name for name, count in feature_names_count.most_common(6) if count > 1
        ]
        top_6_overlap.sort()
        if top_6_overlap:
            if len(top_6_overlap) == 6:
                # There are more than 5 overlapping names, we only show the 5
                # of the feature names
                names_repr = str(top_6_overlap[:5])[:-1] + ", ...]"`

