---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

# Hard to Say Goodbye

Time flies, and I can hardly believe it's already the end of the semester. This class has left such a profound impact on me that I find it difficult to put my thoughts into words. I'll do my best to share my experiences and how this course has changed me.

<!--more-->

- **Open Source Development: The Best CS Class at Courant**  
  Throughout my college life, I've taken many CS classes, but most have left me feeling the need to self-teach and learn from YouTube. However, OSSD is a completely different experience. It has introduced me to the world of open-source development and transformed me from someone unfamiliar with GitHub to a top 100 contributor in scikit-learn and contributor to Pandas. I've learned so much from Joanna, maintainers, invited speakers, and teammates, making this the best CS course I've ever taken.

- **My Contributions to Scikit-learn**  
  I've spent the most significant amount of time this semester contributing to scikit-learn. I'd like to share my experiences and the interesting aspects of my work.

  - **Interaction**:  
    While I must say that the maintainers can be slow to reply, their patience and willingness to teach are commendable. For example, Mr. Fan taught me the importance of keeping functions stateless, writing simple tests, and using monkey patching for testing. I've learned so much from these interactions.

  - **Maintenance**:  
    Being a open source maintainer is no easy task. Altough I submitted many PR on maintain, it is not an easy task atall. It involves careful consideration of function parameters, implementation details, and potential improvements. Scikit-learn's sprint-driven approach helps ensure that maintenance pull requests are reviewed promptly.

  - **Code Requirements**:  
    Scikit-learn has strict coding standards, from linting to testing. These rigorous requirements have helped me understand the importance of clean, DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) code. The project's well-defined structure (Estimator - Test - Utility function) is a testament to these high standards. Once I have been write six tests for a single enhancement

  - **Contributions**:  
    Our team has made significant contributions to scikit-learn, from enhancing existing algorithms to improving validation accuracy. Our active participation in the community has even earned us spots among the top contributors. I plan to continue contributing and maintaining this community, as I now consider myself a part of sklearn

- **What I've Gained**  
  As I prepare to apply for a Ph.D. in machine learning and statistics, my open-source contributions serve as a valuable addition to my resume. More importantly, I've come to understand and appreciate the culture and spirit of open-source development. I now see the world through the lens of open-source and am eager to contribute wherever I can. I'm well-versed in the development frameworks of large projects like scikit-learn and Pandas and have gained invaluable experience in continuous integration and collaboration.


# sklearn
This week my PR are almost are get reviewed and two enhancement has been approved, I only wait the second review to approve the changes.


# Pandas

I have been an active contributor to the Pandas project since March, and it has been an incredible journey so far. Like many open-source developers, finding the perfect issue to work on can be challenging. On several occasions, I managed to fix bugs or claim tasks, only to find them resolved or taken by others. One I claimed take even done by others. However, my persistence paid off as I eventually decided to focus on an important and complex topic: metadata propagation.

Metadata propagation is a unique issue in Pandas, where metadata is propagated every time a new object is created. The challenge lies in determining how to propagate metadata, as this can vary significantly between different models. For example, when two dataframes are summed together, which DataFrame's metadata should be propagated? While low-hanging fruits related to this problem have been addressed since 2019, several difficult metadata propagation challenges remain.

Drawing on my knowledge of Python and experience working on large projects like scikit-learn, I delved into the Pandas directory structure to gain a comprehensive understanding of the project. As a result, I have been able to identify and attempt to fix the remaining metadata propagation issues.

My hard work has started to show results, with three of my proposed fixes currently under review, one merged, and another approved and waiting to be merged. This journey has been an excellent opportunity to contribute to the open-source community, and I am proud to be a part of the collective effort to improve the Pandas project.
| Date #   | Contribution (Link)                                                           | Type          | Description                                 |
|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|---------------------------------------------|
| 202304 | [call __finalize__ in DataFrame.eval with engine=numexpr #52888](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/pull/52888)  | Under Review
| 202304 | [Metadata propagation both in DataFrame.corrwith and Dataframe.sum #52923](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/pull/52923)                           | Pandas Maintain and Bug Fix| Merged|
| 202304 | [Fix the metadata propagation in Dataframe.std #52924](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/pull/52924)                           | Approved|
| 202304 | [Metadata in DataFrame.mean #52925](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/pull/52925)                           | Under Review|
| 202304 | [Fixed metadata propagation in Dataframe.add #52922](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/pull/52922)                           | Under Review|