---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

# My plan to Contribute to OSSD


In my recent evaluations, I had the opportunity to explore and learn more about open-source projects such as Sklearn, Go, and Humanitarian OpenStreet Map. As someone who has used these projects extensively, I was excited to dive deeper and understand the inner workings of these projects that are built on the contributions of thousands of people over time.

<!--more-->

One of the most exciting aspects of contributing to open-source projects is the sense of pride that comes with making a meaningful contribution to a famous project. It is a remarkable feeling to be a part of a community that strives to make the world a better place through collaborative efforts.

However, the road to making contributions can be challenging. One of the most significant hurdles is deciding what to contribute and how to get the community to accept the proposed contribution. Becoming familiar with the project's architecture, codebase, and development workflow can be a daunting task. Fixing a bug or adding new features requires a deep understanding of the project, how it is compiled, and its functionalities. It's crucial to ensure that any new addition does not conflict with the existing code and does not introduce new bugs that could harm the entire project.

To overcome these challenges, I plan to invest time in studying the project's documentation, learning from experienced contributors, and reaching out to the community for guidance. I will start by contributing small fixes and gradually build my way up to more complex tasks. By taking small steps and staying persistent, I believe I can make meaningful contributions to open-source projects and help make a positive impact on the world.