---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

# Enhancing the FeatureUnion Class in Scikit-Learn: My Journey of First and Second Pull Request

Last week, I started working on adding a new feature to enhance the FeatureUnion class in Scikit-Learn and continued the add verbose_features_name_out. Through this experience, I became familiar with the entire file structure of Scikit-Learn and gained insights into how its components function. The process of contributing to Scikit-Learn initially seemed challenging, but as I delved deeper, it became more manageable.

<!--more-->

My first task was to add a parameter and corresponding functionality for verbose_feature_name_out. As I made my contribution, I encountered several challenges:

- Code Style Requirements: Scikit-Learn enforces a strict code style, and my initial submission did not meet these requirements. Adhering to the project's coding standards was crucial for maintaining consistency and readability.

- Constructing Appropriate Test Cases: Developing suitable test cases to validate my changes proved to be difficult. It was essential to ensure that my enhancements did not introduce any unintended consequences or regressions.

- Environment Setup: Setting up the development environment on my M1 Mac posed some peculiar issues. Resolving these errors was necessary for a smooth contribution process.

- Code Coverage: Scikit-Learn mandates 100% code coverage for any contributions. If the code coverage requirement is not met, the continuous integration (CI) checks will fail. Achieving full coverage compelled me to write comprehensive tests for the modifications I made.Here is the [CI checks failure](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/25991/checks?check_run_id=12379843726). I added two more test cases for my function.

Despite these challenges, I persevered and learned valuable lessons in the process. And I am now really familiar with the whole structure of Sklearn and how to contribute. Which largely deepens my understanding of this Machine learning library and how to use it well during my research.

The new code that is added to enhance the algorithm by bypassing uncessary steps.

`        if self._init_weights_means_precisions_skipped:
            self.weights_ = self.weights_init
            self.means_ = self.means_init
            `

