---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

# Code of Conduct in FOSS

<!--more-->

The Code of Conduct for the Go project outlines the behavior expected of participants in the project, as well as consequences for any violations. Having a code of conduct in place helps to create a welcoming and inclusive environment for contributors, promotes respectful communication and collaboration, and sets clear standards for behavior. Other projects would likely benefit from having a similar document to establish a positive community culture and set expectations for participant behavior.
\
The Go project's Code of Conduct differs from the Contributor Covenant in a few ways, such as its inclusion of specific examples of unacceptable behavior and more detailed consequences for violations. These changes may have been made to provide a clearer and more comprehensive outline of acceptable behavior and to address specific concerns unique to the Go project.
\
The Code of Conduct for the Eclipse project can be found at this [link]( https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Eclipse_Code_of_Conduct.php). The structure and content of the Eclipse Code of Conduct may differ from that of the Go project and the Contributor Covenant due to the differences in the size and scope of the projects, their goals and objectives, and the community culture they aim to foster. Each project may have unique requirements and considerations that shape the content and structure of their code of conduct document.
\
The code of conduct document for Sugar Labs is based on the Contributor Covenant, which is a widely used and recognized code of conduct for open source projects. However, the Sugar Labs code of conduct has been modified to include specific language about the project's mission and goals, as well as the expectation for behavior in the Sugar Labs community.
\
In comparison to the Go project's code of conduct, the Sugar Labs document is more focused on the specific needs and values of the Sugar Labs community, while still adhering to the principles of the Contributor Covenant. Both codes of conduct emphasize the importance of creating a welcoming and respectful environment for all contributors, but the Sugar Labs document includes additional details about the project's goals and expectations for behavior.
\
The code of conduct document for the [TensorFlow]( https://www.tensorflow.org/community/code_of_conduct) compared to the Contributor Covenant, is more concise and to the point. It covers similar topics such as respectful and inclusive behavior, but in fewer words. The Go code of conduct, on the other hand, covers more details such as the consequences of violating the code of conduct, and the enforcement process.


