---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

# Week 1: A Taste of Open Source Software History

<!--more-->

I am thrilled to have the opportunity to meet all of the wonderful professor and students. The history of open source development truly impresses me, and I am deeply moved by the dedication, compassion, and selfless contributions of individuals like Richard Stallman (RMS) to the open source community. This is the first time I have knew the history of OSSD and have learned about licenses and how they can be used to protect the authors and even generate revenue from "free" software. And I was always wondering how open soucre developemnt if it is free and non-profitable. But I am more impressed by how the community developed and contribute and even built their own business

# Favorite Open Source Projects
1. Flask
Flask is a web framework - meaning that it provides you with tools to build web apps. In comparison with Django, a full-stack web framework, Flask is lightweight and offers virtual debugging. This makes it a great open-source project for beginners.

2. Spring Framework
The Spring Framework is an app development framework. Millions use it to create, test, and deploy their code. It is beloved for being powerful, yet lightweight, and flexible.

3. EconML
EconML is a Python package for estimating heterogeneous treatment effects from observational data via machine learning. This package was designed and built as part of the ALICE project at Microsoft Research with the goal to combine state-of-the-art machine learning techniques with econometrics to bring automation to complex causal inference problems. 

4. Go
Go is a statically typed, compiled high-level programming language designed at Google by Robert Griesemer, Rob Pike, and Ken Thompson. It is syntactically similar to C, but with memory safety, garbage collection, structural typing, and CSP-style concurrency. It is often referred to as Golang because of its former domain name, golang.org, but its proper name is Go. [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(programming_language))











